320 Rose Pl Purchase
Thu, Jun 4, 2026

3:01 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

4:35 - Unidentified Speaker
I asked him if he's joining the meeting and he just answered.

6:09 - Unidentified Speaker
Hmm.

9:56 - Unidentified Speaker
Hmm.

11:53 - Unidentified Speaker
But Hey, Eva.

14:13 - Unidentified Speaker
You don't have Zoom?

14:16 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, Zoom.

14:19 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
Do you do call Zoom? I sent you a link for the call, an email, and I sent it to your sister-in-law.

14:31 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay, let me uh it's an email, right? It's an email. I sent an email to you this morning, right after you told me 12 o'clock.

15:08 - Unidentified Speaker
I'll send you a link in the text.

15:17 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
But your sister-in-law got it too, and she's not on here.

15:37 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
Okay, I don't see how I'm Ebert's sister-in-law. What's your name? It's Ingrid Cuatro. Okay. I'll try to spell that out later. Ingrid, is it?

16:06 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
Okay.

16:11 - Unidentified Speaker
So are we just going to do a phone call like this?

16:16 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
Yeah, because he was questioned like that because he doesn't understand that much English. Understand.

16:26 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
All right. So let me. Go through a couple things and see if we can get on see what we can agree on first of all um we want to help ever and maria buy the house if we if we can we have to sell uh tensity and their lease is out at the end of the month so they're going to need to leave by of the month and that gives them several choices as far as I can tell. They can, two choices we can offer them. We can offer to sell them the Rose Place house, which is what we're trying to do. If they can't buy it, we'll be glad to rent it to them. Or they can buy a rent somewhere else. But in either case, we've got to be able to sell Tensity and we let them know. We let Eber know that the lease was going to be up last month so that he would have time to make some choices.

17:48 - Unidentified Speaker
Now, I guess we can all agree to that, right? Yeah. So let me let me just get something.

17:56 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
So at that property right now, there's people living at that property.

18:03 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
Would you repeat that? So the property that you're trying to sell, so right now there's people living at that house? No. Is that what You're talking about Rose Place? Yeah. That's the one he's trying to buy, right? The one in Wendell, I believe. Right. So it's not occupied. No, he can buy that now. He could move into it tomorrow if we could figure it out. But I have to sell the one he's living in. Okay.

18:39 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
So he's living at Tensity and I need to sell that one. Okay. And I can't sell that one the same way that I can sell Rose. I can finance Rose, but I cannot finance Tensity. I see. Okay.

19:05 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
So unless he were to go get a mortgage someplace, I'd be happy to do that if he wanted to buy Tensity. But I have to get cash for it. So I don't think that's a choice for him. No, I think he's interested in the other one.

19:26 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
Yeah, that's what he told me that he's interested in that one. And so the one that he's living in right now. He only has until the end of this month to move out. Is that what you said, right? That's right. Okay. Let me just translate that to him. Even if the casta gun estájaita está la la puna enventa, vera, especially esa tenezasa como que na está se mebor da para estaráín.

20:09 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
Aluminos que voice queer ape contrar esa casa, but casa es very different in tramity to the other cases that are convenient that this is okay. Okay. Okay.

20:45 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
So, you are going to do all the paperwork for him and see if he qualifies for the loan? Is that correct? Well, you know, it's a decision that my wife and I need to make, but we need to be able to back it up with. Documentation. So, yeah, we will qualify him, but I, you know, I don't doubt that he qualifies. Okay. Okay. And then, so, like, in the future, if he, if he wanted like to sell that house, will he be able to do it? Yeah, it's his house.

21:25 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
Let me explain it like this. Usually, when you buy a house, you get. Get a note, you get a mortgage that you have to pay, and you get a deed. But this is being treated more like a car purchase. When you buy a car, you get a loan from a bank and buy a car, but you don't get the title until you finish paying for it. The bank keeps the title. And that's the way this is going to work. You're going to get a mortgage, or ever is going to get a mortgage. And when he gets through paying for it, he will get a deed. However, anytime he wants to sell it, he can sell it. He just has to satisfy the note. And then the deed will be transferred to whoever buys it. So there is no restrictions on what he can do with the property. He can build on it, he can sell it, he can change. You know, I'm not going to have anything to say about what he does with the property.

22:50 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
of what you are.

22:58 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
In a case that you want to see what you could do, implement that there is that everything will be.

23:16 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
Okay, okay, okay. And this is correct.

23:22 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
Okay, I'm going to espresso meant the mentality. Okay, well, I'm pronounce it from the entrepreneur and So yeah, so he's fine with that. And now he wants to know what how much are you asking for the down payment? Well, you know, I sent him an email with all of that in there, you know, the first day. We can negotiate and talk about that. But what I let's see, I've got the email I sent him up here. Let me find it.

24:09 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
So I was asking for 6% of the purchase price, and that amounted to $20,790.

24:32 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
Yeah, he has that email, he said. Okay, so that's that's the map the amount of deposit that I was asking for.

24:40 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay, okay.

24:49 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
Okay, ah, caspo que cas lost. Okay. Um, is can he give you that money, cash? Or has it been like a written check? Yeah, he can give it to me cash.

25:07 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
I'll give him a receipt for it.

25:10 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
Okay. Okay, um, what do you promise?

25:20 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
On that email you sent him, you also said him how much he will have to pay like every month, right? Yes.

25:38 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
How much is it per month? So, the email that I sent him included, so there's several parts of it: there's the mortgage that he's going to be paying me and we're going to escrow the taxes and the insurance. So we're going to pay the taxes and the insurance ourselves, but that has to be added to the mortgage payment. So what the payment is made up of is principal, how much you're paying down the balance, the interest, the taxes, the property taxes every year, and insurance. We're going to have the insurance, we're going to keep the insurance in place and we're going to collect for the insurance premium. So, under the terms that I already showed him, the total payment is $27.01, but that includes property insurance and taxes.

27:02 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
And they are securing because they are covering.

27:13 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
Okay, so.

28:35 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
So you asked him, right, for a, I believe was it a 12-month bank statement?

28:48 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
No, I don't understand that. No, I don't think so. Say it again. Let me see if I understand it.

28:56 - Jenny Hollinger Browning
You asked for 12 months of bank statements. Oh, yes.

29:00 - Unidentified Speaker
I'm sorry. Yes, I something about. Yes, I did. I didn't understand what you said.

29:05 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
So, yes, we do need the bank statement so we can justify that we can sell it to him. Okay. And all that you need it by email, right? Yeah, that's fine. Okay.

29:27 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
Does he have to pay for like inspection for property inspection or if he wants one? Okay. I'm not going to require that he gets one and I'm not going to pay for it, but if he wants one, he needs to pay for it. Right, I see. Okay. All right. So, well, he says he agrees with all the terms. And so. I guess you can go ahead and do all the paperwork that you need to do. And I'll have him send you all the bank statements to your email. Okay. He needs to do that as soon as he does that and I also need him to fill out an application on Zillow because that does things like give a credit report and a few things that we can put in our file. He's not, it's an application to rent the same property, but you he's not renting it. It's just a mechanism to get the documents that we need there. Okay. Okay, I'll go ahead now. So, as of right now, you only need you only need the bank payment and that application, right? That's right. Okay. Estos ajedric que necita que la mander, eso estábo fuenza y el applicación está que tenese yanabi, creo pente mando link.

31:00 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
Esos do las two cosa que nesita aorita.

31:32 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
Can he send you that application by Saturday? Yeah, but he doesn't send it He just goes online and fills it out. I'll get it online. The link the link statements, right? The bank statements he needs to send me, yes. Okay, I think, okay. So we'll have that done by Saturday, that application. Okay. Sounds good.

32:17 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
If you can tell how semester passaría la casa como el 2ve.

32:33 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
When it comes to the case, because the general pero que podar ante del 20.

32:51 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
petula parasaria estása lomara que edio como vecino. Okay, um, he also wants to know: um, is it possible that he can give you that money by the 25th of this month? Well, what I'd like to do is get an earnest money payment of six thousand dollars. And we'll sign the contract when he gives me that cash. Then we will have a closing with the attorneys and he can give me the rest of it then. Okay. So then he would just need to give you $6,000, let's say, by this month, right? Right. Okay. Well, that shouldn't be a problem. No, no, let me repeat it. So, $6,000 as soon as we sign the contract, which I hope is very soon, because I need to know how to proceed, you know, whether I'm be selling it somewhere else or what. But, we want to get a closing as soon as possible. So, maybe a week after the contract is signed, we go to my attorney's office and fill out the rest of the papers there, and he'll give me the rest of the money then. But I don't need it all when we sign the contract, but I need some of it. Okay. And I need all of it, you know, this month. Okay. Yeah, so that's that's what I'm saying. So whenever you guys sign the contract, he can give you like those $6,000. And then how how long after uh the contract has been signed how long um does he have to wait to go and sign into your attorney's office we'll wait uh you know we just my attorney's just got to get we got to get an appointment with the attorney after the contract is signed and he's got to finish the rest of the paperwork so it would probably be a week or so after after we sign the contract And so those $6,000, you need him to give them to you as soon as possible? Or is there like a okay. Okay, I'll explain that. Come on. So let me explain it further. I would like to have the contract ready for you by the end of the day. He needs to give me that documentation that I asked for. And we need to be able to look at it, which will take us another day to look at it and everything. But, you know, after that, we can sign the contract, and I'd like to sign the contract over the weekend with him.

35:58 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
to all what is to tell you of the contract and what the contract and say that they are because of the contract that can be applied, that you can ban the contract and baser with your abogado. And practicing that vocal esto maría como una semana maximo para ten el papele para ser lo que sellama el cloti, and que español y vas er ya la venda. E toce en el momento que vo pas err, que vajas cloti ahí una tenes que trelar esprespante. Okay, que apic que fería.

37:29 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
Okay.

37:59 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
so that we are with application, not the time, and the more dependent, but what is that practically for the parameters, and the list of culture so that you have Okay, so I'm not going to do the manto toddler in the experiment and the manto established all the tools in the puppy or mañana when you say because the puera queer master because Okay, so yeah, he says it's fine. He's gonna actually do the banking stuff today, and he'll have that ready for you today and the application as well. And so, whenever you have those two stuff, you're gonna go ahead and do the contract, right? Yeah, I'll send him a contract today, too. Do you want me to send you a copy so you have one? Yeah, yeah, that should be fine. And then he said that he can give you the $6,000 today, but he wants to know if maybe you can go pick it up at the house because he's working right now and I think he's going to be working late. Well, I'll pick it up when he signs the contract.

39:53 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
so that sounds good. So we're going work on that today on the statement and application and have it ready for you. Okay. Give me your phone number so I can send you a copy. Well, no, I have your email address. I'll send you a copy of the contract when I send it to him. I'm good. I'm good. All right. Well, I'm happy.

40:20 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
Ever, you might want to translate this, but so one thing that is different about the property than you might know, because you've been over there, but there is more property there than what the backyard has a fence for.

40:40 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
There's a piece of property beside it that I'm going to put a fence around so that you have access to it also.

40:57 - Jenny Hollinger Browning
You tell him about her pair.

41:22 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
Okay. I didn't hear you, Jenny.

41:24 - Jenny Hollinger Browning
With the repairs.

41:27 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
What repairs? Oh, they them.

41:31 - Jenny Hollinger Browning
Yeah, just so.

41:32 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
yeah, in Casey, let's just be clear about it. When we sell this house, he's responsible for all repairs of the house. We don't own it. He's not renting it from us. So, you know, all the repairs are his after that. Okay. I figured.

41:53 - Wes Browning - Buy Your Home
All right. Sounds good. I will get a contract ready by the end of the day and send it to both of you so that you can review it. All right. Sounds good. All right, Thank you. Bye-bye.

47:03 - Unidentified Speaker
And still said we have.