--- Page 1 ---
Name
Ever Amarildo Cardoza
Created
Jun 5, 2026
Expires
Jul 6, 2026
Page
1 of 2
Ever Amarildo Cardoza
Date of birth: 04/06/1986
Notice for consumers in California
This report does not guarantee the accuracy or truthfulness of the information as to the subject of the investigation, but only that it is accurately copied 
from public records, and information generated as a result of identity theft, including evidence of criminal activity, may be inaccurately associated with the 
consumer who is the subject of the report.
Report detail
Report ID: Z-88278142, Z-88278141
Rental property ZIP Code: 27591
Background check summary
Housing court records
0
Criminal records
0
Housing Court Record
The result of housing court record searches may vary according to (1) collection restrictions by the different 
court jurisdictions which may result in some areas not having coverage and (2) reporting restrictions due to 
government regulations applicable to the rental property’s location. CIC applies industry best practices in the 
attempt to accurately match and report these records.
No housing court records found
Criminal Record
The result of criminal record searches may vary according to (1) collection restrictions by the different court 
jurisdictions which may result in some areas not having coverage and (2) reporting restrictions due to govern-
ment regulations applicable to the rental property’s location. CIC applies industry best practices in the attempt 
to accurately match and report these records. The end user should compare the applicant supplied information 
with demographic data and any physical descriptors in determining a positive match prior to the end user making 
any decision.
No criminal records found.
Bureau contact information
Contemporary Information Corp.
c/o Consumer Relations Department
3700 Crestwood Parkway, #300

--- Page 2 ---
Name
Ever Amarildo Cardoza
Created
Jun 5, 2026
Expires
Jul 6, 2026
Page
2 of 2
Duluth, GA 30096
Phone: 1-888-316-4242 Fax: 1-888-797-2254
www.cicreports.com/consumer-assistance
The agency providing this report will provide, when contacted by the consumer seeking a copy of this report or making a request to review his/her file with 
the agency, a written notice in English and Spanish setting forth the terms and conditions of his/her right to receive disclosures of information such as office 
hours, any charges for disclosures, identification required for the release of information, names of recipients of reports on the consumer, what assistance 
is available to the consumer in reviewing/understanding the information and similar instructions.
End of Housing Court Record and Criminal Report
This report is for rental purposes only. This report is confidential and is not to be disclosed except for persons who have legitimate purposes as defined in 
the Fair Credit Reporting Act and other applicable Federal and State regulations.